Add Microchip megaAVR register facilities documentation (#778)
apcountryman/picolibrary-microchip-megaavr: docs/register.md

# Register Facilities
Microchip megaAVR register facilities are defined in the
[`include/picolibrary/microchip/megaavr/register.h`](https://github.com/apcountryman/picolibrary-microchip-megaavr/blob/main/include/picolibrary/microchip/megaavr/register.h)/[`source/picolibrary/microchip/megaavr/register.cc`](https://github.com/apcountryman/picolibrary-microchip-megaavr/blob/main/source/picolibrary/microchip/megaavr/register.cc)
header/source file pair.

## Table of Contents
1. [Register](#register)
1. [Reserved Register](#reserved-register)

## Register

> The `::picolibrary::Microchip::megaAVR::Register` class is used to declare a Microchip
> megaAVR register that is neither reserved nor protected.

Author: ```suggestion
The `::picolibrary::Microchip::megaAVR::Register` class is used to declare a Microchip
megaAVR register that is not reserved.
```
